tentative till Monday 7/13

Design an app for a poker game. The game will have 2 views. 
One is the play view (default), the second is for changing game properties. 
It is up to you which template you use but you have to pass data between the views using the seque.

The property view will list all poker winning hands. 
The hands do not change but which ones are currently available as winning change. 
For example, two pairs is always a possible listed hand, but whether it is observed or not it changes through properties. 
Also you cannot change which hand beats which hand.

The play view will show 5 random cards for the dealer on the top, 
and 5 random cards for the player (use png files to display cards). 
All cards come from the same deck, which has to be shuffled to start a game. 
The player taps on 0-5 cards to change. Cards tapped flip (you can also provide second tap to undo). 
Then the player presses a button Play below, the flipped cards display new cards (not used yet), 
and the result of the game is displayed in label, text field, text view, etc. 
The result should say who wins (dealer or player) and why. 
There is also a second button Reset which means play again from the beginning.

Extra 20: research animation and use some animation on cards when dealing.

Extra 20: implement more hands, provide another view displaying the rules (do not display those disabled).

Suit order (in the order of lowest to highest)  spades, hearts, clubs or diamonds
1 Diamonds
2 Clubs
3 Heart
4 Spades

Hands (in the order of losing to winning)
1. No common cards/suits. The player with the stronger highest card wins.
2. Pair. The stronger pair wins, if the same then the highest suit in the pairs wins.
3. Three. The stronger three wins.
4. Four. The stronger four wins.


2 Views - start as one then build up
Play view felt background and two separate hand display images
	Dealer on top/Player on bottom
Shuffle deck before play
Tap to discard and flip over/tap again to change mind
Replace tapped cards with button press
Display results Win/Lose and why
Second button to reset

