Use an address book similar in your notes exercises. But assume the email is unique key. 
Using this fact,for full credit re-implement the address book as dictionary (10). 
Implement the methods as in your notes or not (most can be found in chapter 15). 
Most will be useful.

Then add a single view, as seen in the attachment (the Next button under the text fields is missing). 
To start with, if there are entries in the address book, the first entry is displayed in the text fields, 
and when Next is pressed, the next entry gets displayed (after the last, the first starts again). 
The same happens every time Display is pressed, starting from the first entry always.

The user can type into any of the text fields, and doing so immediately erases the previous content of all text field. 
This info is disregarded unless appropriate button is pressed.

When Add is pressed, the entered data is added into the address book. 
Add requires the key (no check for format) but no other data is required. 
If Add is pressed when new data uses an existing key, the label will display message "Not added, already in contacts".

When Find is pressed, behavior is similar to Add except that all data matching the entered data is displayed in the label, 
or "Not found in contacts". For normal credit, require email for this search but if other data is entered it has to match too.

When Delete is pressed, the entry with matching key is deleted and the label says "Deleted" or "Entry not found in contacts" 
otherwise. Behavior is similar to Find - email is required but if more data is entered it has to match too.

Finally, for extra 10, disable and enable the buttons when appropriate. 
For example, Add should be enabled only when some data is typed in the text fields. 
The method self.buttonOutlet.enable = YES or NO can be used for this purpose.


Address Card:
Name
Age
email


Address Book Dictionary:
Address Card
key


Display first onLoad (if count>0)
Next function (atIndex ++) Display does the same
Add adds card using current text (requires key), (if duplicate, display, “Not added, already in contacts”
Find returns all matching data (requires key) or displays, “Not found in contacts”, try to match all fields
Delete removes card with matching email, displays, “Deleted” or “Entry not found in contacts”, try to match all fields
Disable and enable appropriate buttons for +10


